From 1st track at his time
from 1st track We’re actually at the Lucern Hotel, just down the street
From 1st track from the American Museum of Natural History
From 1st track And with me is Neil deGrasse Tyson
From 1st track Astrophysicist, Director of the Hayden Planetarium
From 1st track at the AMNH.
From 1st track Thank you for walking down here.
From 1st track And I want to do a follow-up on the last conversation we did.
From 1st track When we e-mailed—
From 1st track Didn’t we talk about enough in that conversation?
From 1st track No! No no no no; 'cos 'cos obviously 'cos
Laughs
From 1st track You know I’m so excited my glasses are falling off here.